update docs on how to manage responder teams (#36)
linz/cdk-tags: README.md

applyTags(bucket1, commonTags);
applyTags(bucket2, commonTags);
```
## Contributing

### Adding responder teams.

Contact the prod ops team in slack at [#team-step-prod-ops](https://linz.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05Q11EGLA0) 

> To create a new team in [opsgenie](https://toitutewhenua.app.opsgenie.com/teams/list)

Reviewer: We should mention that only ProdOps will create the team in Opsgenie

once this team is created, add a new responder team to `src/responder-teams.ts` file with the new team name. These two names 
must match to ensure New Relic alerts are sent to the correct team.

> ### Renaming responder teams.

Reviewer 2: i almost feel we shoudl never do this.. 
if we still keep this section.. put a LOUD WARNING that says dont do this unless u know what you r doing and it is absolutely necessary.

When renaming a responder team, contact the prod ops team in slack at [#team-step-prod-ops](https://linz.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05Q11EGLA0)
once the name as been updated, update `src/responder-teams.ts` to match the new name. And ensure you update the `responderTeam` in your `applyTags()` function.

### Removing responder teams.

When removing a responder team, contact the prod ops team in slack at [#team-step-prod-ops](https://linz.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05Q11EGLA0)

> once the team has been removed, remove the team from `src/responder-teams.ts` file.

Reviewer: Same thing in this case, can we please mention that only ProdOps will remove or amend Teams in Opsgenie?

applyTags(bucket1, commonTags);
applyTags(bucket2, commonTags);
```
## Contributing

### Responder Teams

Responder teams are used to route alerts to the correct team in OpsGenie. The responder team name must match the team name in OpsGenie.
Only prod ops team members can create, rename or remove responder teams in OpsGenie.

#### Adding responder teams.

Contact the prod ops team in slack at [#team-step-prod-ops](https://linz.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05Q11EGLA0) to create a new team in [OpsGenie](https://toitutewhenua.app.opsgenie.com/teams/list).
Once this team is created, add a new responder team to `src/responder-teams.ts` file with the new team name. These two names 
must match to ensure New Relic alerts are sent to the correct team.

#### Renaming responder teams.

> **Warning** Consult the prodOps team regarding renaming a responder team. It is strongly recommended to create a new team and migrate the alerts to the new team. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Warning** Consult the prodOps team regarding renaming a responder team. It is strongly recommended to never rename responder team names as this results in the teams having to apply the new responderTeam value to all their cdk stacks. 
```

When renaming a responder team, contact the prod ops team in slack at [#team-step-prod-ops](https://linz.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05Q11EGLA0)

> once the name as been updated, update `src/responder-teams.ts` to match the new name. And ensure you update the `responderTeam` in your `applyTags()` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
once the name as been updated, update `src/responder-teams.ts` to match the new name. And ensure you update the `responderTeam` in your `applyTags()` function across all stack the team owns.
```
